Add documentation for file format versioning (#2436)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/docs/master/output-file-format.md

                ...
    ...
```

## Output File Format Versioning

The Velero output file format is intended to be relatively stable, but may change over time in order to support new features.

In order to accommodate this, Velero follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) for the file format version.

Minor and patch versions will indicate backwards-compatible changes that previous versions of Velero can restore, including new directories or files.

> A major version would indicate that a version Velero older than the version that created the backup could restore it, usually because of moved or renamed directories or files.

Reviewer: I think this is intended to say "A major version would indicate that a version **of** Velero older than the version that created the backup could **not** restore it, usually because of moved or renamed directories or files."

Author: Yep, will add these missing words :)

> Major versions of the file format are tied to major versions of Velero, though they are not necessarily in sync - Velero 3.0 may still use backup file format 2.0, as an example.

Reviewer: This line is a little confusing - I *think* what you're trying to convey is:
- we won't bump the major version of the backup file format outside of a velero major version bump
- a Velero major version bump doesn't necessarily mean the file format gets a major version bump

is that right?

Author: Yeah, that's correct. I'll try to clarify this.

Author: Let me know if the new changes make this more clear.

                ...
    ...
```

## Output File Format Versioning

The Velero output file format is intended to be relatively stable, but may change over time in order to support new features.

In order to accommodate this, Velero follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) for the file format version.

Minor and patch versions will indicate backwards-compatible changes that previous versions of Velero can restore, including new directories or files.

> A major version would indicate that a version of Velero older than the version that created the backup could not restore it, usually because of moved or renamed directories or files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A major version would indicate that a version of Velero older than the version that created the backup cannot restore it, usually because of moved or renamed directories or files.
```

Reviewer 2: this is a nit. Don't want this to block the merge.
Closing and merging.
